# Subspace Clustering Experiments

This repository contains the implementation and experiments for the bachelor thesis "Affine subspace clustering with SENet".

## Algorithms
- Sparse Subspace Clustering (SSC)
- Self-Expressive Network (SENet)

## Requirements
All the requirements can be found in the **Tests.yml** file. It contains all packages and the Python version 3.8.20.
The easiest way is to set up conda with the **Tests.yml** file. Then you have all necessary packages and the right python version. Installation guide for conda can be found [here](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html)

## Usage
The Tests.py file contains the methods to run the experiments. If you used conda as mentioned above, you can install the environment with following command: **conda env create -f Tests.yml**. Then you can type **"conda activate spams_env"** to activate the environment. Afterwards you have to navigate to the source location of the **Tests.py** file and then you can type the command **python Tests.py**. This should start the experiments.

## Known Faults
The function **run_experiments_DIM** has a fault, because it does not change the number of clusters for the function **ssc_main()**. That's why SSC is constantly searching for two clusters in the subspace. The other experiments are not directly affected of this parameter if you do not change the number of clusters which are generated by the function **generate_subspacedata**. 
The fix is simple. Add a parameter to the function **ssc_main()**. In the file **SSC.py** add one moreparameter to the function **run_experiment()**. This new parameter has to be set in the function **ElasticNetSubspaceClustering(n_clusters=new_param, ...)**.

### Example
ssc_main(num_clusters) -> run_experiment(..., num_clusters=num_clusters) -> ElasticNetSubspaceClustering(n_clusters=num_clusters, ...)

